well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about wearing scrubs in public because
that's a thing that's that's a major
cause of concern right now you know
those people who have dedicated their
lives and making sure that others don't
get sick all of a sudden the there are
portions of the public who feel that
they may be doing something that would
cause that to happen so they are
confronting them in grocery stores and
parking lots about their scrubs so I'm
going to give you the lazy persons
version of why you shouldn't do this
then I'm going to tell you some things
that medical professionals may know that
you may not then I'm going to list of
just a few of the precautions they take
that you may not even know you should
take and then I'm going to give you some
self-interest as to why not to do this
first if you see a doctor a nurse or
attack whatever in a grocery store and
you're worried that they may have
something what kind of sense does it
make to harass them and get closer to
them and talk to them and upset them and
make them raise their voice at which
point droplets may come out I mean
honestly you should just call me crazy
follow their advice practice social
distancing and stay away going up and
talking to somebody who you're concerned
may have something that's just dumb that
is just dumb don't do that medical
professionals know that this is fabric I
mean you know this fabric too but you
may not know that this stuff doesn't
live well on fabric does live well on
floors though on hard surfaces it's why
a lot of nurses and Doc's have different
shoes they change into at the hospital
or they have booties that they put on
over them
where they bleach or Lysol their feet
their shoes before they leave willing to
bet those who are harassing medical
professionals in public don't do that as
they walk around in a grocery store and
the droplets come out they fall to the
ground and you walk on them then because
you have groceries you walk into your
house with your shoes on because you got
to turn around come back and get the
rest may not be a wise idea they also
know that not everybody wearing scrubs
has seen a patient more importantly they
probably haven't seen a patient that's
carrying what you're worried about
aside from that they disinfect their
keys their phone their ID badge all of
that stuff you may not do that they wash
their hands and everybody washes their
hands right now because you know the
advice came out you know sing the Happy
Birthday song and wash your hands can
you go like this and sing the Happy
Birthday song as fast as you can maybe
you go like this and get both sides you
get between your fingers you go like
this how the weird way Docs and nurses
do it it's because they're getting their
finger tips which what you touch
everything with or they go like this on
their thumbs
because that's what you need to grab
something if you're not doing that and
you should probably start you should
probably start doing that would be a
whole lot more effective at keeping you
safe than harassing some nurse your
docket in public on top of all of this
stuff they wear PPE they should be and I
know there's a shortage right now maybe
that's the reason people are concerned
that PPE goes over this stops anything
from getting to it but there is a
shortage so rather than harassing Docs
and nurses perhaps you should call your
rep or senator and get on to them for
enabling that spoiled tangerine in the
Oval Office
call me crazy now aside from all of this
a little bit of self interest here
nurses are like the mob if you harass a
nurse in a parking lot or a grocery
store or convenience store whatever at
noon by 5:00 p.m. every nurse in the
country is going to know your face you
better hope you don't need their help
because they'll give it to you they will
because that's type of people they are
I wouldn't but they would but they may
not be as nice about it
we have enough problems in society right
now we don't need a bunch of people
running around causing more problems out
of ignorance and fear medical
professionals certainly have enough on
their plate they have enough to worry
about they don't need to be worried
about being harassed when they stop to
pick up essentials if you don't want to
say thank you just stay away anyway it's
just a thought
y'all have a good night